Add table_aws_kinesis_stream. closes #111 (#125)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: docs/tables/aws_kinesis_stream.md

# Table: aws_kinesis_stream

Amazon Kinesis Streams is a massively scalable and durable real-time streaming service.

## Examples

### List all the streams in your account

```sql
select
	stream_name,
	stream_arn,
	stream_status,
	consumer_count,
	stream_creation_timestamp,
	region
from
	aws_kinesis_stream;

> ```

Reviewer: ```
select
  stream_name,
  stream_arn,
  stream_status,
  consumer_count,
  stream_creation_timestamp,
  region
from
  aws_kinesis_stream;
```

Reviewer: Fix indentation for all the queries

### List all the streams that are not in Active state

```sql
select
	stream_name,
	stream_arn,
	stream_status,
	consumer_count,
	stream_creation_timestamp,
	region
from
	aws_kinesis_stream
where
	stream_status != 'ACTIVE';
```

### List all the streams that have no consumers

```sql
select
	stream_name,
	stream_arn,
	stream_status,
	consumer_count,
	stream_creation_timestamp,
	region
from
	aws_kinesis_stream
where

> 	consumer_count = '0';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	consumer_count = 0;
```
consumer_count is integer

```

### List all the streams which are not encrypted

```sql
select
  stream_name,
  stream_arn,
  encryption_type,
  key_id,
  stream_creation_timestamp,
  region
from
  aws_kinesis_stream
where
  encryption_type = 'NONE';
```

> ### List all the encrypted streams which are not encrypted using customer managed key

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### List of streams which are not encrypted using CMK
```

```sql
select
	stream_name,
	stream_arn,
	encryption_type,
	key_id,
	stream_creation_timestamp,
	region
from
	aws_kinesis_stream
where
	encryption_type != 'NONE'

> 	And key_id = 'alias/aws/kinesis';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	and key_id = 'alias/aws/kinesis';
```
